# Stock-Price-Analysis
Description
Problem Statement: Assessment of financial risk in share market(Stock Price Analysis) Project Description: Given here are the live data stock values of 3 major companies Microsoft, Apple and Tesla. Their live data have been extracted from the website of Yahoo finance .The Dataset Contains their stock values between 2018 till 2023 on daily basis. The dataset also contain S&P 500 values as well during the same time period. Here the percentage change in stock values has been calculated for each stock and is presented in the table as %change variable. Standardized names have been assigned automatically like MS%chng. SP_500 is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 large companies listed on stock exchanges in the United States including (Microsoft, Apple, Tesla , etc.). According to Capital Asset Pricing Model, the slope coefficient Beta in a simple regression of the excess return on the stock(ex. app%chng) vs. the stock return on the market(S&P%chng) is a measure of relative risk of the stock. Stocks with higher Betas are more risky and therefore should have higher returns in the market. Project requirements: Make a comparative descriptive statistics on the price value of each stock displaying charts to show the trend of each stock between(2018-2023). Include charts like scatter plot ,histogram etc to show the price trend of the stock value. Include the values of descriptive stats like mean, median, std deviation etc. Make a regression model over the percentage change in stock(ex app%chng) vs market return on the stock(S&P%chng) for each company . Compare the value of Beta to show the progress of the stock and the risk value involved

Instructions
Analyze the excel data pertaining to the problem statement. Provide Descriptive statistics for stock price of the given company data. Include charts and diagrams to show the price trends during the year 2018-2023 . Make a comparative study of how the different company stocks have performed in the past till date. Build a strong professional profile by a creative presentation or video of the task and submit through the provided google form. Mandatory to post the project video on LinkedIn and receive at least 5 comments on the LinkedIn post. Create a Github account and post your work .Include github link in your presentation. Note: A self study on the topic S&P_500 market stock is required as domain knowledge.
